We are using a multi-layered convolutional neural network (CNN). Our number of epochs is restricted to 30, as our model’s testing accuracy plateaus and then decreases after this number. The hidden size is 300, as a higher hidden size continuously increases our testing accuracy, however this number greatly increases the time cost of running the algorithm the higher it is set at. Our scale factor is set at 100 because numbers higher or lower than this value decrease our testing accuracy. The optimizer that we are using is Adam because it achieves a high initial accuracy, despite its performance gap between other optimizers.
	In our CNN, we are using 40 filters to find patterns in our images, as a relatively high filter value increases our training accuracy. Our filter size is 3, because size these images are only 2x2, a size larger than this is too much to analyze to find a pattern, and a size smaller does not have enough information. Our pooling size is 5, which is relatively large, and is done because this helps us to find averages of values along long stretches of the image. Our model also has three layers, tanh, tanh, and relu activation functions respectively,with a high number of analyzed values to achieve the best performance. Smaller and larger networks tended to be less accurate for this data set, and analyzing small proportions of the data set would not affect the testing accuracy by much.
	The aspects of our network that impact the testing accuracy the most are number of epochs, network architecture, and pooling size value.


[5 points] what ANN architectures you experimented with (i.e., number of layers, number of neurons in each layer); [8 points] what hyperparameters you varied (e.g., number of epochs of training, type of optimizer and any other hyperparameter values, activation function); [2 points] the scaling factor for feature scaling; and [5 points] what accuracies you obtained on each of these experiments.

Description of best model/training procedure
The written report includes a description of the design of your best-performing model and the training procedure that was used on it

Training performance plot
The written report includes a visual plot of your best model's performance during training

The written report includes the accuracy [3 points], precision [1 point], and recall [1 point] of your best-performing model.

The written report includes a confusion matrix for the results of testing on your best-performing model.

The written report includes a visualization of three of the images that were misclassified by your best-performing model.
